README.md, before:

# magnolia-export-origami

<!--
Why limit rendering to screens? Exploring rendering content on to origami
-->


## Features

<!--
Origami => Paper folding. Why not render content on to paper, fold it up in interesting ways, and make the content come alive?

This module uses the light module templates generated out of default prototype to render content within a good old HTML Table!


The page, when printed on paper could be folded as origami displaying the CMS content of interest.

Marketers could even render content onto a scented origami craft paper; Fold them up and use them as a Digital/Physical Experience component. 

-->


## Usage

<!--
The lght module creates a content type called origami.

Choose the origami shape on to which content is to be rendered using the shape drop down.
Presently limited to Prism, Cube, (soon) Tetrahedron. [ If there is enough interest, this library of shapes will get enriched in the future]

Create a page of desired origami shape. Configure content to be included in the PrintGrouping tab.

Print the resultant page (print to file) as pdf file ( make sure no headers are printed.) Print the pdf file on to origami paper. 
Fold the origami and enjoy!
-->
Magnolia CMS typically renders HTML. 
Page template code contains the exact html to be output.
Yet, in marketers hand, origami rendering could be a powerful addition to their tool kit.

## Information on Magnolia CMS

This directory is a Magnolia 'light module'.
https://docs.magnolia-cms.com


## License
MIT


## Contributors
Please contribute feedback, feature enhancements.

Commit message:

How origami module could be used? update on the readme file

README.md, after:

# magnolia-export-origami

<!--
Why limit rendering to screens? Exploring rendering content on to origami
-->


## Features

<!--
Origami => Paper folding. Why not render content on to paper, fold it up in interesting ways, and make the content come alive?

This module uses the light module templates generated out of default prototype to render content within a good old HTML Table!


The page, when printed on paper could be folded as origami displaying the CMS content of interest.

Marketers could even render content onto a scented origami craft paper; Fold them up and use them as a Digital/Physical Experience component. 

-->


## Usage

<!--
The lght module creates a content type called origami.

Choose the origami shape on to which content is to be rendered using the shape drop down.
Presently limited to Prism, Cube, (soon) Tetrahedron. [ If there is enough interest, this library of shapes will get enriched in the future]

Create a page of desired origami shape. Configure content to be included in the PrintGrouping tab.

Print the resultant page (print to file) as pdf file ( make sure no headers are printed.) Print the pdf file on to origami paper. 
Fold the origami and enjoy!
-->
Why limit rendering to screens? Exploring rendering content on to origami


## Features

Origami => Paper folding. Why not render content on to paper, fold it up in interesting ways, and make the content come alive?

This module uses the light module templates generated out of default prototype to render content within a HTML Table. The table cells are populated and styled to correspond to origami surface.


The page, when printed on paper could be folded as origami displaying the CMS content of interest.

Marketers could even render content onto a scented origami craft paper; Fold them up and use them as a Digital/Physical Experience component. 

Typically, could be uses as a physical world sensory stimulus to trigger a web content interaction.

## Information on Magnolia CMS

This directory is a Magnolia 'light module'.
https://docs.magnolia-cms.com


## License
MIT


## Contributors
Please contribute feedback, feature enhancements.
